Feature i18n (#5)
sustainXchange/sustainxchange-web: content/pages/events/next/event.en.mdx

---
eventDateFrom: "05.11.21"
eventDateTo: "07.11.21"
title: "Changing the Player or Changing the Game?"
abstract:
  "We want to explore with you the tension between individuals and society.

>   Which actors have to take responsibility to meet the Paris climate goals and in which areas do they have to take responsibility? 

Author: ```suggestion
 Which actors have to take responsibility for what in order to comply with the Paris agreement?
```

>   What are the opportunities of technological and political changes, and where are the 

Author: ```suggestion
  What are the opportunities of technological and political changes, and where are 
```

  blind spots"
---

**_Changing the player or changing the game?_** We want to explore the tension between individuals and society with you. 
Which actors have to take responsibility for what in order to comply with the Paris agreement? 
How much actual change is contained in political and technological narratives and where are the blind spots? 

> On the weekend from **05.11.21** to **07.11.21** we want to contribute an active part to the public-public debate around this topic. 

Author: ```suggestion
On the weekend from **05.11.21** to **07.11.21** we want to contribute an active part to the public debate around this topic. 
```

Therefore, we want to work with you to create output. 
The goal is that you, in your team, have formulated your thoughts and ideas into something tangible at the end of the weekend. 
Whatever output format you choose depends on you! 
We suggest a range of formats and provide supporting resources for each. 
These will help your development and give you an idea of what is possible. 
The potential output formats include:

- **Written text**, which could be an article or blog post, for example
- **Code**, which could be an interactive model, an API, a database, or a piece of software
- **Legislative Output**, this includes contributions such as petitions,

>   Draft legislation or position statements on legislation

Author: ```suggestion
  draft legislation or position statements on legislation
```

- **Community Project**, you have an idea on how to mobilize large groups of people? Then go for it!
- **Art-Project**

> We know that teh aforementioned output formats can take up much more time than a single weekend. 

Author: ```suggestion
We know that the aforementioned output formats can take up much more time than a single weekend. 
```
